INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT.md, before:

# Inventory Management (No Server Required)

## How It Works

Your inventory is managed **entirely in your browser** - no server needed!

### Storage Method: Browser localStorage

```
Your Browser
└── localStorage (browser storage)
    ├── inventory (all your items)
    └── appConfig (company settings)
```

**How it works:**
1. **Add/Edit/Delete items** → Saved to browser localStorage
2. **Data persists** across browser sessions
3. **No internet required** - works offline
4. **Fast** - instant saves, no network delays

---

## Managing Inventory

### Daily Use
- Click "📦 Manage Inventory"
- Add, edit, or delete items
- Changes save automatically
- Available immediately in quotes

### Data Location
- **Stored in:** Your browser's localStorage
- **Location:** Browser-specific (Chrome, Safari, Firefox each have separate storage)
- **Not in repo files:** Data stays in browser, not in your project files

---

## Backup & Sharing

### Export Inventory (Backup)
1. Click "📥 Export Inventory" in inventory manager
2. JSON file downloads to your computer
3. Save this file to backup your inventory
4. Can be shared with others or moved to different computers

### Import Inventory (Restore/Share)
1. Click "📤 Import Inventory" in inventory manager
2. Select your exported JSON file
3. Inventory imports and replaces current items
4. Perfect for:
   - Restoring from backup
   - Sharing inventory with team
   - Moving to new computer

---

## Multi-Computer Setup

### Option 1: Export/Import (Manual)
1. Export inventory from Computer A
2. Copy JSON file to Computer B (USB, email, cloud storage)
3. Import on Computer B
4. Both computers now have same inventory

### Option 2: Cloud Storage Sync (Recommended)
1. Export inventory to a cloud folder (OneDrive, Google Drive, Dropbox)
2. Import on other computers from same cloud folder
3. Keep file updated by re-exporting when changes are made
4. All computers stay in sync

---

## Limitations & Benefits

### ✅ Benefits
- **No server costs** - completely free
- **Works offline** - no internet needed
- **Fast** - instant saves
- **Private** - data stays on your computer
- **Simple** - no setup required

### ⚠️ Limitations
- **Browser-specific** - each browser has separate data
- **Computer-specific** - data doesn't sync automatically between computers
- **Storage limit** - ~5-10MB (plenty for thousands of items)
- **No real-time sync** - use export/import for sharing

---

## Best Practices

1. **Regular Backups**
   - Export inventory weekly/monthly
   - Save to cloud storage or external drive

2. **Team Sharing**
   - One person manages master inventory
   - Export and share JSON file
   - Others import to stay updated

3. **Multiple Computers**
   - Use cloud storage folder for inventory file
   - Export/import as needed
   - Keep master file updated

4. **Data Safety**
   - Export before major changes
   - Keep multiple backup copies
   - Store backups in different locations

---

## Technical Details

### Storage Format
- **Format:** JSON (human-readable)
- **Location:** Browser localStorage
- **Size Limit:** ~5-10MB (typically 10,000+ items)
- **Persistence:** Survives browser restarts, computer restarts

### Export Format
```json
{
  "inventory": [
    {
      "id": "inv-001",
      "name": "Mini Excavator",
      "model": "CAT 305E",
      "price": 350.00,
      "stock": 2,
      ...
    }
  ],
  "appConfig": { ... },
  "exportDate": "2025-01-15T10:30:00.000Z"
}
```

---

## Summary

**Inventory management works perfectly without a server!**

- ✅ Stored in browser (localStorage)
- ✅ Export/Import for backup & sharing
- ✅ Works offline
- ✅ Fast and simple
- ✅ No setup required

**For team sharing:** Use export/import with cloud storage folder.

**For backup:** Export regularly to keep your data safe.

---

*Your inventory is managed locally in your browser - no server needed!* 🎉

Commit message:

Improve iPhone file support (HEIC logo, share exports)
Co-authored-by: Civer02 <Civer02@users.noreply.github.com>

INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT.md, after:

# Inventory Management (No Server Required)

## How It Works

Your inventory is managed **entirely in your browser** - no server needed!

### Storage Method: Browser localStorage

```
Your Browser
└── localStorage (browser storage)
    ├── inventory (all your items)
    └── appConfig (company settings)
```

**How it works:**
1. **Add/Edit/Delete items** → Saved to browser localStorage
2. **Data persists** across browser sessions
3. **No internet required** - works offline
4. **Fast** - instant saves, no network delays

---

## Managing Inventory

### Daily Use
- Click "📦 Manage Inventory"
- Add, edit, or delete items
- Changes save automatically
- Available immediately in quotes

### Data Location
- **Stored in:** Your browser's localStorage
- **Location:** Browser-specific (Chrome, Safari, Firefox each have separate storage)
- **Not in repo files:** Data stays in browser, not in your project files

---

## Backup & Sharing

### Export Inventory (Backup)
1. Click "📥 Export Inventory" in inventory manager
2. A JSON file is saved/downloaded (on iPhone/iPad you’ll get the Share sheet → choose **Save to Files**)
3. Save this file to backup your inventory
4. Can be shared with others or moved to different computers

### Import Inventory (Restore/Share)
1. Click "📤 Import Inventory" in inventory manager
2. Select your exported JSON file
3. Inventory imports and replaces current items
4. Perfect for:
   - Restoring from backup
   - Sharing inventory with team
   - Moving to new computer

---

## Multi-Computer Setup

### Option 1: Export/Import (Manual)
1. Export inventory from Computer A
2. Copy JSON file to Computer B (USB, email, cloud storage)
3. Import on Computer B
4. Both computers now have same inventory

### Option 2: Cloud Storage Sync (Recommended)
1. Export inventory to a cloud folder (OneDrive, Google Drive, Dropbox)
2. Import on other computers from same cloud folder
3. Keep file updated by re-exporting when changes are made
4. All computers stay in sync

---

## Limitations & Benefits

### ✅ Benefits
- **No server costs** - completely free
- **Works offline** - no internet needed
- **Fast** - instant saves
- **Private** - data stays on your computer
- **Simple** - no setup required

### ⚠️ Limitations
- **Browser-specific** - each browser has separate data
- **Computer-specific** - data doesn't sync automatically between computers
- **Storage limit** - ~5-10MB (plenty for thousands of items)
- **No real-time sync** - use export/import for sharing

---

## Best Practices

1. **Regular Backups**
   - Export inventory weekly/monthly
   - Save to cloud storage or external drive

2. **Team Sharing**
   - One person manages master inventory
   - Export and share JSON file
   - Others import to stay updated

3. **Multiple Computers**
   - Use cloud storage folder for inventory file
   - Export/import as needed
   - Keep master file updated

4. **Data Safety**
   - Export before major changes
   - Keep multiple backup copies
   - Store backups in different locations

---

## Technical Details

### Storage Format
- **Format:** JSON (human-readable)
- **Location:** Browser localStorage
- **Size Limit:** ~5-10MB (typically 10,000+ items)
- **Persistence:** Survives browser restarts, computer restarts

### Export Format
```json
{
  "inventory": [
    {
      "id": "inv-001",
      "name": "Mini Excavator",
      "model": "CAT 305E",
      "price": 350.00,
      "stock": 2,
      ...
    }
  ],
  "appConfig": { ... },
  "exportDate": "2025-01-15T10:30:00.000Z"
}
```

---

## Summary

**Inventory management works perfectly without a server!**

- ✅ Stored in browser (localStorage)
- ✅ Export/Import for backup & sharing
- ✅ Works offline
- ✅ Fast and simple
- ✅ No setup required

**For team sharing:** Use export/import with cloud storage folder.

**For backup:** Export regularly to keep your data safe.

---

*Your inventory is managed locally in your browser - no server needed!* 🎉
